ancestors give me strength
I'll kill you if I have to safeties
disabled combat mode engaged
ah we are men you are but one pointer
this will be easy I make this look easy
show me what you can do you will learn
respect for the SoCon let's see what you
made of
Oh Thunder take you you will not see the
end of this day for the Shaolin fear me
police brutality
coming up you will serve me in the
nether realm vengeance will be mine for
the Lin Kuei I'm Xu no mercy your soul
is mine
your soul is mine you are pathetic and
weak I guess I'll have to do this the
hard way you are not so fearsome this
fight will be your last
feel deaths cold embrace
where there is smoke there is fire
ancestors give me strength
I'll kill you if I have to safeties
disabled combat mode engaged
ah we are many you are but one bring it
this will be easy I make this look easy
show me what you can do yellow line
respect thought is so gone let's see
what you're made of
aah Thunder take you you will not see
the end of this day for the Shaolin fear
me
police brutality coming up you will
serve me in another realm
thank you my foot a link way I'm so no
mercy your soul is mine your soul is
mine
you are pathetic and weak I guess I'll
have to do this the hard way you are not
so fearsome this fight will be your last
feel that's cold embrace whatever smoke
that is fire
hmm Oh
get over here